Waitp 1219 UI charts components package (#4555)
beyondessential/tupaia: packages/ui-chart-components/README.md

# @tupaia/ui-chart-components

A library of chart interface components for the Tupaia project.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

`yarn storybook`

Runs the storybook app and pulls stories from the `src` directory which have a .stories.js suffix.<br />

The page will reload if you make edits.<br />

## Story Book

Storybook is an open source tool for developing UI components.
[https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook)

> ## Material UI
> 
> The components are mostly built on top of components from the Material UI library. https://material-ui.com.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ReCharts

The components are mostly built on top of components from the ReCharts library. https://recharts.org

```

> ## Material UI
> 
> The components are mostly built on top of components from the Material UI library. https://material-ui.com.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## ReCharts

The components are mostly built on top of components from the ReCharts library. https://recharts.org

```
